chore(process-engine): Add Doc for HistoryCleanup Retries Config (#1471)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/reference/deployment-descriptors/tags/process-engine.md

      <strong>Values:</strong> <code>removalTimeBased</code>, <code>endTimeBased</code>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>historyCleanupDefaultNumberOfRetries</code></td>
    <td>Integer</td>

>     <td>Specifies how many times a cleanup job will be executed before an incident is raised. Default value: <code>3</code></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>Specifies how often a cleanup job will be executed before an incident is raised. This property overrides the global <code>defaultNumberOfRetries</code> property which has a default value of <code>3</code></td>
```
